Updates README to make language more clear. (#331)
ppb/pursuedpybear: README.md

The entire system uses an event system which is as extensible as the
rest of the system. Register new values to existing event types, and
even overwrite the defaults. Adding a new event type to the system is as

> simple as raising an instance of your new event class with `Engine.signal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simple as firing an instance of your new event class with `signal`.
```

Raising is for exceptions, firing is for events. Also, 90% of the time you won't be working with `Engine`s directly.

> Instead of a publisher system the engine knows everything in its own scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of a publisher system, the engine knows everything in its own scope
```
